There is a wealth of colorschemes available for Vim.  Unfortunately, since
traditional terminal emulators have only supported 2, 8 or 16 colors,
colorscheme authors have tended to avoid writing colorschemes for terminal
Vim, sticking instead to GVim.  Even now that nearly every popular terminal
supports either 88 or 256 colors, few colorschemes are written to support
them.  This may be because the terminal color codes are just numbers from 0 to
87 or 255 with no semantic meaning, or because the same number doesn't yield
the same color in all terminals, or simply because the colorscheme author
doesn't use the terminal and doesn't want to take the time to support
terminals.

Whatever the reason, this leaves users of many modern terminal emulators in
the awkward position of having a terminal emulator that supports many colors,
but having very few colorschemes that were written to utilize those colors.

This is where CSApprox comes in.  It attempts to fill this void by making GVim
colorschemes transparently backwards compatible with terminal Vim in a high
color terminal.  Basically, whenever a colorscheme sets some colors for the
GUI, this script runs and tries to figure out the closest color available in
the terminal's color palette to the color the colorscheme author wanted.
Unfortunately, this does not work well all the time, and it has some
limitations (see :help csapprox-limitations).  Most of the time, however, this
gives a very close approximation to the GVim colors without requiring any
changes to the colorscheme, or any user interaction.

Ideally, this plugin should require absolutely no configuration, but you may
need some tweaking to make sure vim realizes that your terminal supports more
than 16 colors.  Also, konsole and Eterm users will want to make sure that
this plugin realizes that the terminal does not use colors that are exactly
xterm-compatible; they will want to skim through the help articles
|csapprox-palettes| and |csapprox-configuration| for a better end result.


SCREENSHOTS:

Some quick side-by-side screenshots can be found at
http://www.cs.drexel.edu/~mjw452/CSApprox/


IMPORTANT NOTES:

a) Some distros ship with a vim binary that doesn't support a gui.
Unfortunately, CSApprox requires a vim binary built with gui support.  If you
get a message from CSApprox saying "CSApprox needs gui support - not loading",
check the in-vim help at |csapprox-gui-support| for some possible
work-arounds.

b) Many terminal emulators fail to properly advertise that they support more
than 16 colors, even though they do.  If you get a message from this plugin
saying "CSApprox skipped; terminal only has 8 colors, not 88/256" don't
despair, try checking the article |csapprox-terminal| in the in-vim help for
some possible ways to fix it.
 
install details
Install like most other vim scripts:
mkdir ~/.vim
cd ~/.vim
unzip /path/to/CSApprox.zip
vim -c 'helptags ~/.vim/doc'
